Clarify side navigation color theming documentation (#3051)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/navigation.md

On small screens side navigation is rendered off-screen as a drawer. To open the side navigation drawer, add `is-expanded` class to
main `.p-side-navigation` element. To close the drawer (with the animation) remove `is-expanded` class and replace it with `is-collapsed` class.

#### Theming

Light and dark color themes are available for side navigation and all colors used by side navigation are defined by the theme settings.
Individual colors of particular elements of side navigation should not be redefined or overridden directly outside of the theme, as they are designed to provide accessible and consistent appearance.

> Light theme is used by default. It can be changed in theme settings or by using `is-dark` class name on side navigation element. For more details about themes in Vanilla check [Color theming](/docs/settings/color-settings#color-theming) section of color settings documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the side navigation uses the light theme. To change the global default, set [`$theme-default-p-side-navigation`](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework/blob/7550549d1576046041db7e9594bd5675de0f448b/scss/_settings_themes.scss#L4) to `dark`.

To change the appearance of an individual instance of the sidenav, you can use the `is-dark` class.

For more details about themes in Vanilla refer to the [Color theming](/docs/settings/color-settings#color-theming) section of the documentation.
```
